I think it still makes a lot of sense to learn
the classical computer vision algorithms like half transforms,
color spaces, edge detection.
Not everything has to be done with deep learning.
You can also think about teaching basic math.
Do you want to stop teaching linear algebra
just because computers can do it for us today now?
I don't think so. I think it's
okay to pre-train neural networks with
simulated data because you can just have a vast amount of data to pre-train,
but it's really hard to simulate the characteristics and
noise models precisely to the chip that you want to have in your target vehicle.
So you will not get around by just training and simulation.
You will have to add annotated real data on top,
but for pre-training, I think right now it's already pretty usable.